Passer au contenu principal
SUPINFO
Accueil
Tableau de bord
Mes cours
EDSQUARE

[Project] - Library
3WEBD
[Project] - Library
Conditions d’achèvement
Ouvert le : mardi 20 janvier 2026, 16:00
À rendre : lundi 9 février 2026, 23:59
1 - Project overview
As a member of a development team, you'll be asked to build a graphical interface for your town's library website.

This project need to be done by a team of 2 people at most.
Only the frontend part is asked on this project, the datasets / API is from Open Library.

 

2 - Features
You need to develop multiples functionalities

A "quick" search functionality (visible on all pages) that allow you to search on all books of the collections
A "more advanced' search functionality (on a specific page) which allow you to query something really specific - you have a full list of parameter from the API documentation (for examples search on a author, date, tags..)
On the first page (main page / index) you should display some of the recents changes of documents (cf. RecentChanges API)
A page to display a specific object
Users can access this page through the search bar, advanced search or others possibles like
You need to display multiples information (book cover, name, department, period, author...). You are free to add more useful information depending on the search / article
Try to display it at best, you have to think this solution will be used by the Meth
When displaying some information about specific books, you should also search Wikipedia to get some additional information
Display a short description from Wikipedia
You can also display the book cover from Wikipedia
Add a link to the Wikipedia page
Testing is important. You are required to implement a few tests on your project. Focus on testing the core functionalities first
UI/UX is crucial for this project.
Building a responsive website is mandatory
 

3 - Information
Additional information:

API spec: https://openlibrary.org/developers/api

For the information related to Wikipedia, there is multiple ways and API. Use the one you do prefer

 

4 - Deliverables
You need to submit an archive containing the source code of your project. With a README.md for the installation steps and to be able to run your project.



5 - Graded items
Code:

Search feature: 2pts
Advanced search: 2pts
Main/Index page: 3pts
Item page: 3pts
Wikipedia data: 2pts
On each feature 1/3 of the points is relative to code quality and security. For example if "book page" crash or isn't protected when "non-id" parameters are being used (or error non handled) you can loose 1pt Code quality include check on parameters, handling error but also code split

Architecture: 4pts

Test: 2pts

UI/UX: 2pts


Statut de remise
Statut des travaux remis	Aucun devoir n’a encore été remis
Statut de l’évaluation	Non évalué
Temps restant	2 jours 9 heures restants
Dernière modification	-
Commentaires	
Commentaires (0)
Activité précédente
Aller à…
Aller à…
Activité suivante
Contactez-nous
  
Suivez-nous
    
Connecté sous le nom « Pierre-xavier Velon » (Déconnexion)
